
# Week4

This week was focused on further exploration of the data provided, as well as the development of artefacts, such as data dictionaries including common and technical terms, and the refinement of the business case based on the information obtained during the previous stakeholder meetings. A retrospective was held at the end of the working week, in which each group member specified what they would like to see the group keep doing, as well as things the group should stop doing. This reflection helped the team decide on how to move forward in the upcoming weeks, which will be critical to ensure a smooth progress.

Regarding project organisation, a [GitHub Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/FontysVenlo/projects/787) was created, which will allow the team to follow a more structured approach to the project, as well as making every team member aware of their upcoming tasks and deadlines.

## Reflection

The team benefited from the introduction of a Sprint-like workflow, in which each week is considered a sprint, and a retrospective is held at the end. One of the team members took the initiative to mediate as a scrum master, which will encourage a consistent and organised project development.

## Evidence

This week I worked on the [Data Dictionary](evidence/2026-03-11-data-dictionary.md), defining central terms for the project such as Image Quality, and what factors constitute this, according to [official Canon sources](sources/print-image-quality.pdf) in order to prioritise alignment with the company standards.  

The [retrospective](evidence/2026-03-11-retrospective1.md) was documented in order to keep an archive of improvements and issues arising throughout the project.  
