# Week 13

This week, we had a meeting with our skills coach to address teamwork. This meeting turned out to be very productive, as each one of us had time to focus on how we felt in the team. Various points of view came up, some of which I had previously not noticed or unintentionally dismissed. We also had some time to come up with ideas on how to improve the general mood of the team in the upcoming weeks. A follow up meeting was proposed by the coach and I believe it would be useful to track some progress specifically in teamwork, however we decided as a team that we would evaluate whether this is necessary. 

This week, my work took a completely different approach. I noticed my current approach wasn't working in the way I expected it to, since I still felt like I didn't completely understand the structure of the physical system. I switched my focus to understanding the dataset as a whole, rather than extracting information through EDA that I couldn't correctly interpret. 

I started conducting more extensive research on ways to represent the dataset mathematically, considering the use of tensors, and attempting to define a function that will produce a vector with the SD values for a printhead for a certain combination of parameters, along with the definition of a coupling weight that will take into account the influence of neighbouring nozzles. 

The result of this approach proved to be very valuable, as I formulated a first draft of a function that will possibly define the system on a global scale, starting from a more abstract understanding of the model. A summary of the work is available in the following [notes](evidence/physical-notes/1-function-definition.pdf).

## Reflection

The radical change in approach was extremely beneficial for my personal understanding of the system, as well as a more accurate selection of possible prediction models It also encouraged me to keep exploring defining the physical system through a function. With the encouragements of Canon coaches, I set out to define the function more formally. 

## Evidence

- [First Function Definition](evidence/physical-notes/1-function-definition.pdf)
- [Research on Spatially Aware Regressive Models](notes/research/spatial-autoregressive-models)

